What is the name of the final course of all 'Mario Kart' video games?
Rainbow Road
Mario originated as a character in which video game?
Donkey Kong
Solid Snake is the hero of the famous video game franchise?
The Metal Gear
Which famous video game franchise is the game 'V-Bucks' from?
Fortnite
Nintendo began as a company that sold which products?
Playing cards
What is Pearl's signature colour in 'Splatoon '?
Pink
'Astro Boy' is which type of video game?
Action
Which was the first Nintendo console for optical discs?
The GameCube
How many of overworlds are in 'Cuphead'?
Four
In 'Call of Duty Advanced Warfare,' what's the name of Jack Mitchell's best friend?
Will Irons
Who is the first character you play in 'Injustice ?'
Batman
What was the best selling video game in December ?
Call of Duty WWII
Who's on the cover of the video game 'Madden NFL '?
Tom Brady
'Fight Night ' is a game about what kind of sport?
Boxing
What was the first video game in the world called?
Pong
What is the highest grossing game of all time?
Pokémon
Which French video game company is publishing the 'Far Cry' series?
Ubisoft
‘Kingdom Of Hyrule’ is the main setting for which classic video game franchise?
The Legend Of Zelda
Who is the most famous video game character of all time?
Mario
In the 'Pac-Man' video game, What's the name of the orange ghost?
Clyde
What  game gives you the name, Douchebag?
South Park The Stick Of Truth
Which game developer has released four 'Game of The Year' games?
Todd Howard
What's the best selling video game console of all time?
PlayStation
What was Mario's first job?
Carpenter
In which game do players compete in the future version of soccer with cars?
Rocket League
Which game was published by GT Interactive in ?
Quake
When was the first 'Call Of Duty' video game released?
2003
What is the original first person video shooter game?
Wolfenstein D
Rangers tried to sign which superstar after Alex McLeish was alerted to his ability through the famous video game 'Football Manager'?
Lionel Messi
Piemonte Calcio represents which real life club in the 'FIFA ' video game?
Juventus
The most popular sports video game of all time is named after which former professional coach?
John Madden
Alongside Universal Interactive Studios, who else developed 'Crash Bandicoot', the video game?
Naughty Dog
When was 'Super Smash Bros' released?
September
What is the canonical name of the protagonist in the 'Persona ' game?
Yu Narukami
What is the name of the circular object used to collect Pokémon?
Poke ball
Where's the best place to meet wild Pokémon?
In tall grass
What type of Pokémon is the Sand Shrew?
Ground type
How long did it take Markus Persson to make the first version of 'Minecraft'
One week
What's a Charged Creeper?
A creeper that’s been struck by lightning
How do you make obsidian?
Mix water and lava
When was 'Minecraft' first released
October
When was 'Pong' released?
November 
What's the best selling video game of all time?
Minecraft
What year was the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) released?
1991
What was the best selling gaming console in alone?
Nintendo Switch
What year was Nintendo founded?
1889
Blizzard Entertainment is best known for which video game franchise?
World Of Warcraft
What video game company has been working with SONY on the PlayStation?
Nintendo
What does the name Nintendo mean?
Leave luck to heaven
What gaming console did the United States Air Force use to create a cluster supercomputer?
PlayStation
What kind of food was the character Pac Man modelled on?
Pizza
What was the name of the character that would later be known as Mario in the original arcade version of 'Donkey Kong'?
Jumpman
What's the best selling handheld gaming system to date?
Nintendo DS
What was the first character from a video game to have a balloon featured in the Macy's Parade?
Sonic the Hedgehog
What's the most expensive video game ever made?
Grand Theft Auto V
In what year was the first virtual reality headset created?
1995
Which crowdsource funding platform is responsible for the success of the 'Oculus Rift'?
kickstarter
How much did a virtual reality device cost in the '80s?
$49,000
What's the name of the 's science fiction writer who predicted virtual reality?
Stanley Weinbaum
What year was the first prototype developed for a home-based video game console?
1967
Which company released the first simulator flight game?
Microsoft
Which popular dining franchise is Atari's founder responsible for?
Chuck E Cheese
What role did the creator of the Game Boy originally hold at Nintendo?
Janitor
What is the name of the fictional world that 'Super Mario Bros' is set in?
The Mushroom Kingdom
What was the first gaming console to have in-house memory?
Sega Saturn
In what game did the character Sonic appear for the first time?
Red Mobile
The reference to the "stolen sweet troll" was a running joke with which game developer?
Bethesda Software
What was the original name of the gene bank in the game 'Bioshock?'
Plasmi-Quick Response
What's the name of the planet that hosts the 'Gears Of War' game?
Sera
What was almost a 'Gears Of War' weapon choice that was abandoned over creative differences?
The Gun of Chainsaw
